If you're just thinking, I need more. I
want more. You know, I only I'm only
working external as opposed to internal,
it's going to be stressful, it's going
to be harder, it's going to take longer.
You might still get it. It's just going
to take more time. Yeah. You're not
going in flow. You know, like that
famous uh scene in Doctor Strange where
the master, she says, you can't beat a a
river into submission. You have to take
its energy and flow as your own as its
own. So, you've kind of go with the flow
of the river. You know, kind of a a
break in the quote there, but it's
similar. But what she's saying is, you
know, you you can't beat it into
submission. And this this universe is a
flow, an energetic flow, and you just
got to get on the same frequency of what
you're trying to attract. When you begin
to realize you're bringing everything
towards you, you're collapsing realities
into existence versus chasing things. It
becomes so much easier. When someone has
a mindset of I'm chasing after my goal
versus attracting it, what happens?
Well, what happens is you find that
there's so many other so many more
obstacles that appear or pop up, things
that hinder you, also so many more
distractions uh arise. But when you
realize that you're here to attract the
goal, attract those benchmarks, attract
those that happiness into your life, you
then take a journey to inner space. And
when you're working within yourself,
you're clearing space, you're doing
shadow work, you're doing forgiveness,
you're speaking affirmations, you're
you're you're uh you know, you're you're
writing things down, you're preparing,
you're planning, it's all in here.
Everything happens here first. Nothing
manifests on the outside without
conscious thoughts. So if for example,
just this table, right? Somebody thought
about like it'd be nice to have a round
table so people can have a discussion
and sit across from each other and talk.
So this person saw this table in his
multi-dimensional platform. He then
collapsed it from multiple dimensions
into two dimensions by drawing it on a
piece of paper or putting it into a
computer computer assisted design. It's
still 2D even though it looks 3D. From
there, once he gets it exactly like he
wants it, he sends that instruction or
that blueprint or that architecture
right over to a engineer who then
manifested into threedimensional reality
that can move around on the XYZ axis.
And now we have this table here. But
what we're doing when we're looking at
this table and sitting at it, we're
looking at a multi-dimensional thought
that existed in someone's mind. Isn't
that powerful? That's powerful. And we
all have that power. So when people say,
"I don't know. This guy's talking about
manifesting reality." Well, there would
be nothing here. This jacket, this
table, right? Your watch, your your your
bracelet, nothing would exist. This
chair we're sitting in wouldn't even be
here because these are all things that
are manifested from conscious thought.
So, we're creating reality every single
day, and we don't even realize it. or
taking it for granted. It's amazing.
Yeah, it's powerful. It's amazing. Is
there any other elements to this process
that you would add? I would just add
follow through, you know. Yeah, you got
to follow through. Uh sometimes people
are trying to get a little tired towards
the end and uh they're like, "Well, it
didn't happen this last four or five
weeks. I'm going to stop saying my
affirmations."
Just keep going, man. Just keep stay in
the system. Keep working on yourself.
Keep in keep uh keep the positive
affirmations going. Keep being of
service to others, you know? Keep being
the light of the world. Keep working on
yourself and keep taking action steps
towards your goal. And I would say, you
know, just to add to that and maybe it's
the last thing, and you probably already
have this in your process as well, is
when you receive, really express
gratitude. Oh, it is so important when
when you get a baby step in pro in
progress. I'm so grateful for this
process and the progress that I'm making
every single day. Even though it doesn't
feel like a lot, I know it's so much
farther than where I once was.
Absolutely. and and being grateful for
how far you're coming. Yes. It's it's
never going to feel like it's happening
fast enough. Yeah. Yeah. Never. You
always be I wish it could happen faster,
right? And I think you're just resisting
the flow, like you said, when you're
ungrateful for the growth. Yes. Because
the growth is there. And even a setback
is growth if you're taking consistent
action. You might have to break certain
patterns and you might have to like
disconnect with certain people or leave
a job or you might lose money or
opportunities at first to then move
forward and it might feel like oh this
is even harder now. Yeah. But know that
if you're taking the actions that
setback might be the ultimate growth
that you needed. Yeah. And so when you
gain you're consistent with your word on
a daily basis and you you are your word
consistently with what your actions are
going to be and you do it you follow
through like you said. Yeah. Receive the
gratitude. Receive the the fruits of the
consistent Yes. that you've been doing
on a daily basis. If you're like, I'm
running to write a book and I'm writing
one page a day. Okay. Receive that. I
took action. I did this step today. Y
and receive that gratitude. Absolutely.
Gratitude is so important. I did a whole
series of gratitude which actually was
on Amazon Prime before. And you know, a
lot of people will say, you know, thank
you. But did you feel that thank you?
Did you really emote and feel the energy
of that gratitude within the thank you?
Somebody could hand me a cup, you know,
a bottle of water and I, oh, thanks,
man. You know, but did I really feel
that thanks? Did I really get the
gratitude out, the emotion? So, I
started trying to connect with thank
you, connect with thanking myself,
connect with the agreement that I've
achieved something in my life and
accepting that gratitude, but really
feeling, allowing myself to feel the
emotion of that gratitude because that's
where the real power is at. Yeah.
That's good, man. I love this a lot.
This stuff, this stuff is powerful for
me. There's a question I want to ask you
about time.
What is time and is it an illusion? Time
is actually an illusion. Now, we have
the arrow of time here in the third
dimension because we needed to navigate
through this realm. Without it, we'd be
completely lost. I would never have been
able to rendevu with you right here to
have this podcast on this particular
timeline. But multiple timelines exist.
So we've somehow in this particular
frequency that we're in, we've collapsed
this particular timeline. But according
to quantum physics, there are unlimited
timelines really. Timelines where you
and I aren't even sitting here. You're
doing something and I'm doing something,
right? We're doing something totally
different in this moment. In this exact
moment. Timelines where we never met in
the, you know, through our entire lives.
Timelines where we could have been
nextdoor neighbors. I mean, anything you
can conceive into mind actually
happened. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This
is the superp position and probability
of the universe. How does it actually
how did it already happen though? Well,
there's so many multiple time it's
unlimited timelines. And so it's this in
in science that discovered that every
potential outcome actually happens which
is wild. How does that happen? How do
they how does science discover that or
or claim that to be true? the quantum
world. When they looked into the quantum
world, the subatomic when you go down to
the tiniest tiniest area realm that we
can get access to and start learning, we
realize this incredible superp position
that exists where waves of everything
that exists in the universe is a wave.
Your house exists as a wave of
potential. So you're not there, you're
not looking at it, it's not a solid
structure, it's a wave. If somebody else
is looking at it, collaps into the
structure. Now, why why does it collapse
into the same structure that you know?
Well, the atoms were stacked like Lego
blocks to build what we call your house
and they're on a resonant frequency. So,
no matter who looks at it, that
consciousness collapses it back into the
same structure. Wow. But when you you're
not looking at it, it doesn't exist. We
found that through science um through
specifically through the work of
Professor Sylvester James Gates Jr. from
the University of Maryland, former
scientific adviser to President Obama.
Him and a team of mathematics geniuses
got together and discovered that the the
universe is running off of something
called Adinkra codes. Dinkra. Adinkra.
Adinkra. Adinkra codes. Adinkra codes.
And these Adinkra codes are the exact
error correcting codes that run search
engines and web browsers. Yes. Wow. So,
we're living in a creation. We are
living inside of a creation. The method
of creation in my opinion is a fractal
holographic universe and that it's
running on a particular code and this
code are some of these codes are called
the dinkro codes that direct the fabric
of spaceime itself and this is
incredible knowledge to have because it
shows you that yes all the ancients were
right the biblical text the Quran and
all the ancients from thousands of years
prior to them we're living inside of a
creation. Thank you for watching this
video. If you want more inspiring clips
like this, make sure to click right here
to subscribe and click right here to
watch that next video that is specific
to support you in your